# EKWhatsApp
EK2WhatsApp, Ehsan WhatsApp Plus, Ehsan Gold WhatsApp, are included
<p>&nbsp;</p><h2><b style="font-family: Tajawal;"><span style="font-size: medium;">Download EK2WhatsApp Plus V4.00 Mod by Ehsan Kamboh</span></b></h2><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">Hello! I am extremely grateful to all the visitors who use my<b>&nbsp;WhatsApp</b>,&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, and always stay connected with their latest updates, I pay tribute to all who helped me with this work. The slightest hint of success. Of course, the purpose of your visit to our website is to download "<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>". Next we will talk in detail about "<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>" and all its features that make it more useful and superior than other copies of all existing&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp Mods</b>.</span></p><h3><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">Brief introduction: -</span></h3><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">As we all know, as time passes the world advances along the path of progress, as man faces difficulties, he seeks solutions to all these difficulties and hardships. If we talk about the importance of technology in the current age, then progress in the world is not possible unless technology is involved in it. It would not be wrong to say that the development of the world is highly dependent on the Internet / technology. In the distant past, people lived in caves, technology advanced and now people live in bungalows. Similarly, in the recent past, computers have grown to the point that they can barely fit in a room, and work has been very slow. But as the world advances, technology is directly affected. Now you can carry computers in your pocket in the form of mobile phones. And the work is faster than before. When it comes to making these mobiles useful, mobile phone companies and large software companies are introducing various phone apps that will make human life even faster and hassle-free.</span></p><h3><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">What is a WhatsApp little Introduction?</span></h3><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>WhatsApp</b>&nbsp;is a social media application that makes changes to its products over time. And in these changes, the&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp</b>&nbsp;company is making some modifications, in which some&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp&nbsp;</b>functions are being removed and others are being added as required.&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp&nbsp;</b>has stopped supporting&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp&nbsp;</b>on Android "version 2.0" phones and older mobile phones and now older users update their mobile phones or they will not be able to use&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp</b>. Now, in view of this problem, there are some countries where people cannot afford to buy a good mobile phone that can work with&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp</b>. With this problem, we have designed&nbsp;<b><u><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></u></b>&nbsp;using the Official Source Code of&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp</b>, which with those users can now use&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp&nbsp;</b>without problems or hassles.</span></p><h3><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">What is EK2WhatsApp (Pink)?</span></h3><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;is the second mod of&nbsp;<b><i><a href="https://www.3hsan.com/2021/06/ehsan-whatsapp-plus-mod-apk.html" rel="nofollow">Whatsapp Ehsan Plus</a></i></b>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<b>EK2WhatsApp</b>&nbsp;mod copy of&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp&nbsp;</b>whose original code is&nbsp;<b>WhatsApp Official</b>. Functions collected from&nbsp;<b><i>WhatsApp Plus</i></b>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, created by&nbsp;<b><i>Muhammad Ehsan Yusaf Kamboh</i></b>, a Pakistani citizen. While it has some features that allow users to decide what they want? The biggest advantage of<b><i>&nbsp;EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;is that it works on all kinds of&nbsp;<b>Android</b>&nbsp;mobile phones. People who use mobile phones with very<i>&nbsp;old Android operating systems&nbsp;</i>can also use this application.</span></p><h3><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">What is the difference between EK2WhatsApp (Pink) and WhatsApp Official?</span></h3><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;has been created and designed in such a way that it works on all types of Android operating systems. You can save statuses in&nbsp;<i><b>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</b></i>. Some have been further improved, prioritizing privacy and security needs. If you feel threatened in any way, you can use your own privacy and security services.<b><i>&nbsp;EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;works&nbsp;<b>against Bann</b>, that is,&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;is&nbsp;<b>Anti-ban</b>. You are provided with a collection of themes that help you customize your UI (user interface).</span></p><h4><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">Features of EK2WhatsApp (Pink)?</span></h4><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">Below are all the features of Ehsan WhatsApp.</span></p><p class="MsoNormal"></p><ul><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Status saver</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Dark / light theme.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Anti-ban.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Themes Store.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Improved privacy and security.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Message access to un register numbers.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Quick contact.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Bomb feature.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Anti-virus.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Auto Reply.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Schedule message.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Edit conversation.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Charming fonts styles.</b></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Excellent UI.</b></span></li></ul><p></p><p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">Details of the points listed above.</span></p><p class="MsoNormal"></p><ol><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Status Saver</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;lets you save statuses / stories within the app, without the use of any external app.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Dark / Light Themes</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><i><b>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</b></i>&nbsp;provides dark / light themes within the app to protect the user's eyes from damage.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Anti-ban</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;provides its users with privacy and security features that keep them away from unfamiliar groups and protect them from issues like&nbsp;<b>Bann.</b></span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Themes Store</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</b>&nbsp;always strives to create many themes that enhance the interests and experiences of its users, keeping in mind the preferences of its users.&nbsp; Lets use whatever themes you want.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;"><b>Improved privacy and security</b>: -Privacy and security are taken very seriously in&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, and it is getting better day by day and each update is getting better than before. For example, if you are online and your number has been sent to some people who harass and annoy you when they see you online. So you can hide your online status at will by going to privacy and security. That way they won't bother you anymore. You can also choose some contacts so that you can receive your calls. All other calls are automatically canceled. You can hide from your contacts using whose status you saw that you have viewed your status. You can decide to Protect any of your private conversations using (PIN, Pattern).</span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Message access to un-register numbers</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">This feature of&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;enables you to talk to someone and it will be limited to a few messages, If you do not want to save this number so that you do not have need to talk to him for the next time..&nbsp; , So you can use this feature and send your messages.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Quick contact</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">With this feature of&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, you can easily switch from one conversation to another. Like (Pop-up) and save time.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Anti-virus:</b>&nbsp;-</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>&nbsp;protects you from all kinds of viruses and delivers long messages at once without clicking on Read More, which keeps safe mobiles from getting hung up.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Auto Reply Action</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">In<b><i>&nbsp;EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, with the help of this feature, if you are a business man, then you can use a traditional message, from which if any message is sent by your contact, the reply that you have Added before it will be sent as a reply.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Schedule Message</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">With the help of this feature of&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, you can decide the time for a message when it shall be sent, this feature is usually used when you are very busy and you need to send an important message.&nbsp; Self-sent on time.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Beautiful and attractive fonts</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, since it is Pakistani-created by&nbsp;<b><i>Mohammad Ehsan Yousaf Kamboh</i></b>, apparently includes Urdu language, in addition to English language, Urdu language fonts styles have been added to make the Urdu messages beautiful.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Attractive Ui</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>, which is preferred by the users, uses graphics and colors that captivate the heart.&nbsp; All settings have been modified to the user's liking.</span></span></li><li><span style="font-size: medium;"><span style="font-family: Tajawal;"><b>Bomb Feature</b>: -</span><span style="font-family: Tajawal;">There are basically five options in this feature of&nbsp;<b><i>EK2WhatsApp (Pink)</i></b>.&nbsp; The message will be sent immediately when you pressed any of these.</span></span></li></ol><p></p><p class="MsoNormal"></p><ul><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">1:- with this you can send message that you have written already.</span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">2: - This feature allows you to edit your message and adjust its settings.</span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">3: - This feature allows you to create a stylist in your text message.&nbsp; (Bold, Big,Italic) and much more.</span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">4: - Like 👍, with this feature you can send if you like something during the conversation.</span></li><li><span style="font-family: Tajawal; font-size: medium;">5: - Heart ❤️, this feature is used when you like something very much and you can send it ❤️ without wasting time to find the emoji.</span></li></ul>

<h2 style="text-align: left;"><a href="https://www.3hsan.com/2020/09/what-is-vidmate-vidmate-free-video.html">Download EK2WhatsApp Pink Plus from Official website:-</a></h2>
